and so Thursday 2015 today April 30th is grainy day for
see if you are hello my nephews is good night
thursday thirtieth april 19 hours brasília today is my son's birthday
older flávio a hug there flávio and thanks for everything you do for us
within the national senate, when I arrived from a trip, I went to the port
cheerful there in the southern military command by event of the command shift of the do
general miotto for joão stuff and obviously also another meeting
and already scheduled to address issues of varying interests in our Brazil
so good luck to the new commander congratulations almir another the man who
met in 1973 at the army cadet preparatory school and the first year
he second we go there so my admiration for his professionalism was born
went to the reserve now and it looks like it will stay in rio grande do sul
poetry his command passing speech right he promised his children the
couple of children and grandchildren who are making up for the time they spent away from them
while not only at the head of the southern military command but also
other missions well the family deserves it deserves and after 40 36 years services
lighting 48 in service the same hello
and the cd that is the organization for cooperation and economic development
invited Brazil for economic recovery after the issue is coronavirus
so logically and it is good to be part of this group it is good to be
remembered for giving in is but we will have a serious problem ahead
and it has a note it also hurts telling you that the informal economy is with those people
what he calls invisible these people great for us we serve with
this emergency aid of 600 reais and informality is very large in america
from the south and in africa they think that the average loss will reach the world, right
cutting other countries and sixty percent and here in africa and latin america
the loss of this is around eighty percent so it is more or less following the
guy and the guy earned informally R $ 1000
he will spend earning $ 200 and look at a [ __ ] that also corroborates unfortunately
in that sense, I had training now that the globe biscuits phase there in the river
of January from here that it exists 2253 temporarily or rather it is closed
indefinitely closed then because the informal ones lived off selling the
biscuit globe on the beach and here soccer stadium benches corners many
on the streets and there is no one to sell to, so these people not only closed
indefinitely the globe biscuit phase has to see me is not
formality, you will have to look for another cookie
I am myself
and the problems, you know, the second wave I was talking about from the beginning I was hard
criticized by the media are coming right in part not seen with great gravity
also the consequences of special unemployment among informal workers who are
calculates in Brazil at home and 38 million people are just the situation almost
desperate grace of emergency aid from the federal government and 600 reais for
these informal is the second installment has already started to be
this pays three installments and another installment is not foreseen and the number of
among other freelancers we have already paid your mother is 44 million
Brazilians 44 million Brazilians received the first installment I have
some millions still under analysis because that bernardes some
problem happened and practically shape effect is manual each of these a lot
people are signed up but are not entitled to what does not fit the criteria
as the amount of resources in the savings chain is the volume of income tax
declared in the previous year to put a filter does not have one if you pay for more than
100 million people involved are unable to afford this is with
this with this expense that belongs to the taxpayer is not mine it is not the
contributor so the seed I have seen a lot of videos and humble people
we thank r $ 600 hi and our government really answered
those who still need a possible return to normality with all the
problem that is the inter raises here we lost in latin america understand
eighty percent of the income right in the informal as well as the concern of the cd and
I recover the economy of the countries in which Brazil was invited after the
australia's globe biscuit pandemic has nothing to do with the globe system of
television is not always on the beach always buy my kids with cookies
to see a lot of people will miss it I hope that this closing time
indeterminate there is put an end point quickly that can go back to doing
economics work something else here the collection of delegate ramage of the
federal police made an outburst this morning doesn’t personally offend anyone from
institutions have full conviction of that I just put myself in the place of the delegate
the police to the branch which is a monocratic injunction of the supreme
federal court he was prevented from taking office and that just read here
quickly the most important parts the delegate's curriculum relaxes that I
I met after the elections because the federal police decided to change
some delegates who were in my security until the second round of
elections and exchange in view of the security it gives from that
moment he would no longer be the candidate for the president-elect and a lot of things, right?
was treated and passed as wife of the state as if he were president-elect and
it was the federal police the director general of the time omnes the justice together with the
president michel fear that they endorsed this exchange so they voted people is
more experienced let’s say next to me qualified all are from the police
federal voted people and the delegate hamachi who is the delegate
branches in his whole life he was part of the coordination of the operation
car wash in rio de janeiro is a man fond of fighting corruption a man
really that that has a history has a curriculum this car wash operation that
so much pride for all of us that it set a new milestone in Brazilian politics
arresting and making an operation on those who defrauded the purse he was
also operational coordinator of the federal police for the world cup and
olympics so two events quite important for us world cup and
olympics he was an operational coordinator for the police
do on the occasion of these two events
and he was also superintendent of the federal police of Ceará, that is, he has
has on its curriculum a superintendence of the important state
that the state of ceara he was director of substitute personnel management
of the federal police has already been at the summit of the federal police
and he was a grassroots coordinator without intelligence against drug trafficking in
northern region this drug that causes the Brazilian family so badly so its
delegate tail branch was coordinator of the intelligence bases to seek
really you know who was doing the operations to combat trafficking over
and he inaugurated the federal repression police unit, right?
to crimes against the person homicides and death squads in another
experience that he had in another one that the federal police does a lot is
precision he was regional delegate and acting superintendent in roraima
so it was surprising also in roraima the very important state our
country that has immeasurable wealth mineral wealth a little bit of
biodiversity also hello huh and her state that suffers nowadays is
a lot with the lack of electricity there we are fighting so that I am not a
tucuruí lion and it is a reality one day but having in
In view of the indigenous reserves, we still have trouble getting through
transmission over reserve as a consequence when we can do that and
no more energy came from venezuela here we spend for brazil spent for
day, right, 1 million liters of diesel oil to make even the snot work and handle it
is subsidized if it were pro at the end of the line the consumer would pay would be the two
three times more expensive than what you pay for electricity in the rest is from
brazil then the branch went through the superintendence of roraima and your
taking the opportunity to talk about our difficulty in bringing the union, right from manaus to
until good view to have electricity on the street now the other
factor approximate numbers we have there in roraima the valley of the cotingo river more or
minus 12 km with a level difference he hello you could install there
turbines it’s okay to make a dam shape so that you could generate
electric energy not only to provide volume but also to be exported by the state of Goiás
chipping if necessary and for a very large area from the
valley of the cotingo river how hard are you doing this indigenous reservation
talita in we have two huge yanomami indigenous reserve at peace and don't take the
Serra do Sol fox in this state he also from the state of amazonas and his
reservations saying men is checked in the past that its denying an article 174
I am not mistaken 74 of the constitution is about this and says that it can be explored
it is missing and regulations are being taken by parliament, admiral benedict
that the minister of mines and energy a few months send a project to
and there and to regulate that article of
constitution the bus could then if the congress approves concorde I click
pineapple from roraima would be the 11 parliamentarians right would be in favor of
that and we have to regulate the indian devices would benefit from the
the project is written that you have to have here is the essence of the Indian for the indigenous people
to do that there and they would benefit a lot from the steering wheel if this type
economic activity could be installed in the region of the river valley
cotingo also his branch to professor at the national police academy then
one thing is a rose for anyone the same thing that I was an instructor there
military academy of the black needles my help of eight here in front here the
cid ah ok that's all the halves
black needles some purple up to the length the site today all its
class was not all his class but a big one for class that today was
promoted to lieutenant colonel of our Brazilian army then to see in the
systray my side here to see with your past life professional day congratulations
your family and I know your father very well my classmate for
know this dress united states a hug there be be happy
and ramalho was also the security coordinator of the president of the republic
elected okay resumes happened there obviously anything is happening
against my physical integrity against my life okay is the mission of the
ramalho and his team that nobody does anything alone is to avoid it there and
obviously he came to work with me after the knife attack
of the adélio that was of the sixth of september 2018 then hamad exercised with
this mission was very, very prompt and there was a friendship there, because as well as
you have with that person who works at your house at your company in your
ok he became a person who used to have breakfast in the morning with me
I used to eat bread with condensed milk, the coffee I made was okay and then
he he if I am not mistaken it is and he was in finding marriage of
my right son is right and the branch is also the person very dear to
police officers and delegates give it to you and I’m sure the officers
and delegates put themselves in the place of the branch that had the mural there
the last moment by a monocratic injunction denied his possession and the
ramalho is currently the director of the agency the president intelligence are
my mother's outburst was in that sense it's yours to put next to a person
sure we didn’t have a chance to see his dream come true we can’t I
I will pass one on to the Minister of the Supreme Federal Court is more vinícius
he is not for me that screen life fragrance of this man is for his
gone through all that has already done for the paw in the fight against corruption in the fight against
crime and to review the situation so that he can assume and the
friendship that I have food because he was assigned to a person
better prepared at that most experienced moment at that moment to
participate in the security of parana republic as well as i have four
order helpers a friend here i'm sure it's a
unique opportunity that they have when working with me we are center of power
and I say more right the four helping where my sound comes from
the two biggest ones now the biggest 3 only know that in maria it is not bigger it is the corvette
right and also now the lieutenant colonel cidinei them they are is an experience
Here, I believe that most of the largest armed forces would like to
integrating because you know the power inside is an experience that will take
for life afloat is all life ok and this hope that is being that does not serve
ahead in the future for perhaps not taking on another role with a view to
have participated in a government as a helper or even as a bunch the
his crime at the time the wrong would be wrong between to do at the time is by
having participated in my security is the is the proximity to me and I have
sure with that curriculum with that past the delegate the branch
oh it's making the front of the federal police she has more freedom
even though she always has freedom, right, so she can
do his job better and he as he has been talking to me right and at that
nobody from this november and december event in rio de janeiro ate
security also had the agency platoon which are the papiloscopists
he misses the police a lot in the federal police okay he said he comes right he
he has a very special affection for these people and I'm sure he
being ahead now and will have a very special look for everyone in the
federal police to seek solved the anxieties their problems that perhaps
exist exists may exist in the future so this is this this relationship that he made
with me in rio de janeiro this friendship and respect for him is right
through him get to know the federal police better dive deeper into the police
federal government can do what once for the superintendent he can be a
fullness your work everybody wins the win-win republic award
federal police win-win population as a whole because fighting crime
to trafficking to other Elysiums up to the transactional and
and it’s with his experience that we can do much much better accuracy and
really help brazil is in this area so hope that after my outburst it gave
from the heart we are all human beings that not only your alexandre alexandre
supreme federal court as well as the others delivering the supreme right within the
speed and thinking about the branch in life despite this person that this decision
be reviewed as soon as possible so that we can really name it
justice that now has the new captain there andré mendonça who was at aggeo
can really satisfy all of us how much it can produce.
this ministry is and quickly says something because the
Brazilian government, since before Carnival, had already warned about the issue of
coronavirus in Brazil and was already taking some steps in this direction and
this problem is of interest to all of us in our we know what can happen
still in Brazil the fruit of the virus issue and we know that unfortunately a lot
person will die if he regrets and unfortunately it is a reality ok
now we must face it there and look for the best possible way of looking together
alternatives what is up to the federal government at the end of the line is up to the
governor and mayor take the steps that have been taken ok i will not enter the
I'm not even going to discuss it with the federal government, practically nothing fits
in this area we are here like him the action of the Ministry of Health and the
resource is we here we are already in the house of waiting for the right house 700 billion
of reais the federal government after the decree of the state of calamity that
was welcomed by the chamber and the senate is national you can can came to be able
spend then not worrying about the ceiling right a conditional amendment approved
of this three years ago approximately so we serve you right is first
place as I said just now 44 million people have already received the first
portion of that 600 emergency aid and there are three installments so only
do the accounts of the order of 25 billion reais each installment we
we know that it will be close to 80 billion reais in the next 80, far away
there is expense thing there i was here two weeks ago at
beautiful waters campaign hospital has just been completed I had there with the
governor ronaldo whitewashed is with the local mayor was also inaugurated
then it is in a position to care for possible infected people who have
symptoms that the vast majority of the population that says that 80 did in the
the population goes against it and it will be asymptomatic nor does it even know that it contracted
now the fifteen twenty percent remaining a small part of those right taking into account
seen as units you already illnesses and in view of age may have
problems that even emerge there in the death of the hospital of
campaign is already in beautiful water conditions here in goiás and the tv here the
possible infected our actions are also helping micro and small
companies we have preserved we 4 million jobs have been preserved
and here I saw a story in the newspaper o Globo de today's us who would say hospital
globe here, right, miriam piglet mine is so concerned with unemployment until
finally, finally, miriam leitão is concerned with his job, right?
this is to pass my flagstone back but I only had opposition and criticism for
part of it here is in the northeast case in the first meeting with councilors who
we had for a specific wrinkle deal with health and others asked for 4 billion the
paulo guedes the bank eight billion to the northeast are northeast yes it's more than
that shows concern we know that the poorest region of brazil is one of the
poorest in Brazil and need this support from the federal government then
instead of four with a request from the governor, I’ve already talked about a favor
here your state and municipality that decides the collection of insulation
the hyacinth we are coming home this is always fine today so actions for
face the invitation of 19 700 billion and may reach new measures the
parliament we can still get a trillion reais in the house or a share
huge fantastic but with a life comes first the federal government for
through its economic team released and has been releasing this resource but
I also repeat busy the economic team and my special that I have to have
a vision encompassing all ministries from the first moment
ours we worry about unemployment well and jobs are coming strong
slamming the door there of the Brazilian worker and the emergency measures in the
measures taken by many governors and mayors of total isolation ok
what has been taken has consequences today from the airport in porto alegre to the
southern military command I saw ninety percent of the closed trade was open
there the bakery butcher some things there more than essential the rest everything
closed on a cold on Thursday a normal day the governor said it's ok
buying eduardo now eduardo leite buying we start to open the
people Monday a very well studied plan I hope it works out
I hope that the great south will return to normal as soon as possible until
because repeating seventy percent of the population is going to be infected
oh yeah and from what it looks like from what we are seeing now all the effort to find ok
curve was practically useless and now a consequence of that effect
collateral of unemployment the people want to go back to work everybody knows that
that the younger the less problem one has to have a consequence of
our teaching virus-infected is that I'm under 40 years old
of those infected with problems with problems not with some other common
community then from 0 to councilor by saint just that
the uncle that the end is tragic we will continue to
and I think the money's gone
and rusts live our solidarity with family members who have lost their loved ones
dear are human beings interests textinho community I felt an age
i have my mother is alive at the age of 93 i ask to see her alive for
still a long time and it remains there obviously quite dejected like everyone who lost
your loved ones like this so they did it right this way it happened on the occasion
of the passing of your give your 120 more by the smell of coronavirus ok
and tomorrow is work day look here the laurinha right tomorrow is work day and
we have been seeing work in great peace forbidden to work but even so the
the entire length of workers in particular is the health personnel, right?
are on the front line fighting gilson thing, right, many were infected
some lost their lives but it is our soldiers and white who today who
are in this front line, right, it's fighting the colony so everyone
health men and women doctors nurses and technicians and other
professionals our length our recognition and our
continence for your courageous work that comforts us all
difficult hospitalization period goes through hi good night everyone until thursday
coming understand son